Release notes for bug fix (#4185)
zcash/zcash: doc/release-notes.md

For full details see ZIP 401.

> Async-Operations Incorrectly Reporting Success

Reviewer: I suggest "Asynchronous Operations" (and similarly below). Does not block.

-----------------------------------------------------
We fixed an issue where asynchronous operations were sometimes reporting sucess

> when they had actually failed. One way this could occur when trying using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when they had actually failed. One way this could occur was when trying to use
```
